hi when is your wedding my name is
Preston going to show you how to make a
super dangerous giant slingshot
so here's what we're gonna make goodbye
everything you need at your the tools
you're gonna need you need a tape
we need two vise grip pliers and we need
a sharpie you're gonna need a pair of
scissors and a screwdriver these are the
items gonna need to buy our bringer
polypro dip belt and your dandy 40
pounds to 50 pound skills band with a
pair of triple name
fires
Oh No
just light it off
for the other side
what
white clogs did
here but do not cut the white plum you
repeat for both these are the parts you
have left over these you save and these
are throwaway insert the band like this
take the original side and take your
black marker
then hit the cone block and push it
through past the black mark and this is
what you'll end up with and repeat for
the other side insert the band's into
the handle stretched like so push in and
pull repeat on both sides here's our
completed super-dangerous giant
slingshot
cabbage
pay attention
hello
when pigs fly
you